VibeVoice is a novel framework designed for generating expressive, long-form, multi-speaker conversational audio, such as podcasts, from text. It addresses significant challenges in traditional Text-to-Speech (TTS) systems, particularly in scalability, speaker consistency, and natural turn-taking. A core innovation of VibeVoice is its use of continuous speech tokenizers operating at an ultra-low frame rate of 7.5 Hz. These tokenizers efficiently preserve audio fidelity while significantly boosting computational efficiency for processing long sequences. VibeVoice employs a next-token diffusion framework, leveraging a Large Language Model to understand textual context and dialogue flow, and a diffusion head to generate high-fidelity acoustic details. The model can synthesize speech up to 90 minutes long with up to 4 distinct speakers, surpassing the typical 1-2 speaker limits of many prior models. The transition from the cold, dry winter to the warm, wet summer occurs rather quickly between April and early May, and there is a similarly abrupt return to winter conditions in late October and November. Summers are generally hot and humid, with the East Asian monsoon taking place from June until September; these are also the hottest months, with average temperatures of 21 to 25 °C (70 to 77 °F), and daytime highs often above 30 °C (86 °F). Although largely transitional seasons, spring and autumn experience more pleasant weather, with average high temperatures ranging from 20 to 26 °C (68 to 79 °F) in May and 22 to 27 °C (72 to 81 °F) in September,[71][72] coupled with relatively clear, sunny skies
The Sui forces labored in their advance to the Goguryeo capital, due to the internal discord within the Sui military command and a poor supply line. Troops had been given a large amount of supplies which were expected to last the entire march, a heavy burden which ended up being abandoned by exhausted troops en route.[10] Goguryeo General Ŭlchi Mundŏk gauged the morale and exhaustion of the Sui army by feigning surrender and touring the Sui camp.[10] Although the Sui commander Yu Zhongwen had been instructed by Emperor Yang to capture Ŭlchi Mundŏk upon encounter, another general, Liu Shilong, recommended Ŭlchi's release to negotiate surrender terms with the Goguryeo King Yeongyang.[11] After his successful escape and fully aware of the Sui army's turmoil, Ŭlchi lured the Sui troops deep into Goguryeo territory, furthering the Sui troops' exhaustion and worsening morale. Although the Sui army approached Pyongyang, troops were in no condition to besiege the fortified capital without any further supplies. The army expected to be supplied upon arrival at Pyongyang by a naval force commanded by Lai Hu'er, but they had been already defeated by Goguryeo troops in an ambush within Pyongyang by Go Geonmu, the King's younger half-brother. 
The near-annihilation of the contingent sent to Pyongyang, along with the lack of progress in Liaodong, forced Emperor Yang to retreat without any major gains. Commanders Yu Zhongwen and Yuwen Shu were put in chains and demoted to commoners, with Yu Zhongwen dying shortly after returning to Sui and Yuwen Shu eventually reinstated to military duty for future campaigns. Liu Shilong was executed for defying the Emperor's order to capture Ŭlchi. Emperor Yang attempted two more invasions in 613 and 614, but both ended in failure. Eventually, the enormous human and financial costs of the campaigns resulted in multiple rebellions and the empire started to crumble from within. It was finally brought down by internal strife and replaced by the Tang, who would continue campaigns against Goguryeo in the Goguryeo-Tang wars. The surviving Sui troops were forced to retreat at a breakneck pace to the Liaodong Peninsula to avoid being killed or captured. Many retreating soldiers died of disease or starvation as their army had exhausted their food supplies. This led to an overall campaign loss of all but 2,700 Sui troops out of 305,000 men.[6][11][7][15] The Battle of Salsu is listed among the most lethal "classical formation" battles in world history.
In 1955, archaeologists excavated evidence of prehistoric dwellings in a large ancient village in the Pyongyang area, called Kŭmtan-ni, dating to the Jeulmun and Mumun pottery periods.[37] North Koreans associate Pyongyang with the mythological city of "Asadal", or Wanggeom-seong, the first capital of Gojoseon ("Old Joseon") in the second millennium BC, according to Korean historiographies beginning with the 13th-century Samguk yusa. n 668, Pyongyang became the capital of the Protectorate General to Pacify the East established by the Tang dynasty of China. By 676, it was conquered by Silla, but was left on the border between Silla and Balhae. On 25 August 1945, the Soviet 25th Army entered Pyongyang and it became the temporary capital of the Provisional People's Committee for North Korea. A People's Committee was already established there, led by veteran Christian nationalist Cho Man-sik.[46] Pyongyang became the de facto capital of North Korea upon its establishment in 1948. At the time, the Pyongyang government aimed to recapture Korea's official capital, Seoul. Pyongyang was again severely damaged in the Korean War, during which it was briefly occupied by South Korean forces from 19 October to 6 December 1950.
Already during the war, plans were made to reconstruct the city. The plans for the modern city of Pyongyang were first displayed for public viewing in a theatre building. On 27 July 1953 – the day the armistice between North Korea and South Korea was signed – The Pyongyang Review wrote: "While streets were in flames, an exhibition showing the general plan of restoration of Pyongyang was held at the Moranbong Underground Theater", the air raid shelter of the government under Moranbong. "On the way of victory... fireworks which streamed high into the night sky of the capital in a gun salute briefly illuminated the construction plan of the city which would rise soon with a new look".[48] After the war, the city was quickly rebuilt with assistance from the Soviet Union, and many buildings were built in the style of Stalinist architecture. Kim Jung-hee, one of the founding members of the Korean Architects Alliance, who had studied architecture in prewar Japan, was appointed by Kim Il Sung to design the city's master plan. Moscow Architectural Institute designed the "Pyongyang City Reconstruction and Construction Comprehensive Plan" in 1951, and it was officially adopted in 1953. The transformation into a modern, propaganda-designed city featuring Stalinist architecture with Korean arrangement (and other modernist architecture said to have been greatly influenced by Brazilian architect Oscar Niemeyer) began.[49] The 1972 Constitution officially declared Pyongyang the capital.[50] During Kim Il Sung's 1956 diplomatic tour of the USSR, he was heavily inspired by Proto-Krushchyovka mass housing concepts introduced to him, which were urgently replicated in the fast-expanding region south of the Taedong.
Throughout the rule of Kim Jong Un a number of residential projects were constructed. In 2012, a residential project with 2,784 units was inaugurated on Changjon Street[53] in the heart of Pyongyang. In 2013 and 2014, residential projects dedicated to scientists were completed on Unha Scientists Street and Wisong Scientists Street, with more than 1,000 units each, while in 2015 work took place on a residential project on Mirae Scientists Street with 2,584 units. In 2017, in dedication to the 105th birthday of the founder and first leader, Kim Il Sung, 4,804 units were built in the new Ryomyong Street complex. The second decade of the 2000s saw the construction of residential projects on Songhwa Street near the Taedonggang Brewing Company in Sadong District (2022), in Taephyong area in Mangyongdae District, and in the Pothong Riverside Terraced Residential District located at the city center next to the Pothong River, on land previously used by the headquarters of the International Taekwon-Do Federation.[54] Kim Jong Un ordered that the residential district be renamed "Kyongru-dong" meaning "beautiful bead terrace". Other recent public building projects include the Mansudae People's Theatre opened in 2012, the Munsu Water Park opened in 2013, and the renovated and expanded Sunan International Airport and Pyongyang Sci-Tech Complex, both completed in 2015,[57] the Samjiyon Orchestra Theater,[58] which was fitted out of the domed Korean People's Army Circus built in 1964, and the Pyongyang General Hospital, of which construction started in 2020.
Additional re-development projects occurred in the area around the Arch of Triumph where the Pyongyang People's Hospital no. 1 was demolished. Apartment blocks in the area of Inhŭng-dong, in Moranbong District and in the area of Sinwon-dong in Potonggang District were demolished[59] in 2018–2019 for the construction of new apartment buildings.[60] Also in 2018, the Youth Park Open-Air Theatre on Sungri Street, used to host political rallies, was rebuilt.[61] In 2021–2022 a major housing project was executed along Songhwa Street in the southeast part of the city[62], as well as on Hwasong Street in Hwasong District in northern Pyongyang with high-rises.[63] In 2023 phase two of construction of housing in Hwasong District was launched on the former territory of the Pyongyang Vegetable Science Institute. In addition, a complex of greenhouse farms and housing was initiated on the former territory of Kangdong Airfield, which was demolished in 2019. Pyongyang is in the west-central part of North Korea; the city lies on a flat plain about 50 kilometres (31 mi) east of the Korea Bay, an arm of the Yellow Sea. The Taedong River flows southwestward through the city toward the Korea Bay. The Pyongyang plain, where the city is situated, is one of the two large plains on the Western coast of the Korean peninsula, the other being the Chaeryong plain. Both have an area of approximately 500 square kilometers Pyongyang has a hot-summer continental monsoon climate (Köppen: Dwa), featuring warm to hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters.[69][70] Cold, dry winds can blow from Siberia in winter, making conditions very cold; the low temperature is usually below freezing between November and early March, although the average daytime high is at least a few degrees above freezing in every month except January. The winter is generally much drier than summer, with snow falling for 37 days on average



